So now what's the problem with this?
Let's go back to the place where we use get formatted title and let's go back to destructuring.
So I pull out get formatted title from movie,
we can still do that even with the shorter function or method to be precise syntax,
it still can be pulled out with object destructuring but of course now we just use it like that.
We pulled it out, stored it in a brand new constant in the end and this constant now holds a pointer
at this function in the object
so now we can execute it like that.
Now if we do that and we reload and we enter a new movie here, Javascript level 5, you'll see I get an
error and it's not getting added down there, cannot read property title of undefined,
now where is this coming from? It's coming from objects.js line 58 and if we have a look,
that's the line where I try to dive in to info and title. Now since title can't be found on undefined, it
means that info basically returned undefined but we do have this info property which holds an object
in movie so what's wrong?
Remember, this does not automatically refer to the object that kind of surrounds it,
it instead refers to who or what was responsible for calling this function
and I mentioned that the best way to memorize this is to look in front of that function.
Previously, we had movie. and therefore movie, that object, was in the end responsible for triggering this
function.
Now we have nothing there
and then the thing responsible for triggering the function is our global execution context. In non-strict
mode which I'm using here,
this will then actually refer to the window object which I can prove. If we console log this in here
to see what it's actually referring to and we save that and reload and we give this another try with
some dummy values here, it doesn't really matter,
you see this here,
this is what this refers to, it's my window object and that's just the default in non-strict mode and
then this, if it refers to nothing else, refers to the global object.
If we were in strict mode which we can quickly enter of course by just adding use strict at the top,
so if we were in strict mode, if we tried it again, you will see that this will actually be undefined,
either way it will never refer to my movie.
So how can we work around that then, how can we make sure that this refers to the right thing? We can
do that with something we already learned about earlier in this course,
the good old bind method. In the past we used bind to preconfigure which arguments a function takes
which we don't execute on our own but which for example is added to an event listener,
so for example we would have used the bind in situations like this if add movie handler would require
certain arguments which it doesn't but if it would need that.
Now we can also use bind to not only preconfigure arguments a function will get but also to preconfigure
what this will refer to. So in this case here, of course one fix would be to simply go back to movie.,
right,
this worked and there is nothing wrong with it
but if that isn't an option or for whatever reason we don't want to do it, we can use bind here as well,
not here,
you can't add bind here like this but you can actually do it before you call that function here.
So we could actually use let here instead of const so that I can assign a new value to get formatted
title and then we could set get formatted title, which is a variable that holds a pointer at a function,
equal to get formatted title but now also add bind here and now it's this first argument which you pass
to bind which matters. Previously
I said this doesn't matter because we hadn't learned about this yet,
so we set it to null in the past and then we added our arguments which was the thing we were interested
in back then,
now we might still be interested in parsing in certain arguments and we can still add them just as before
if that's the case, here
however that's not what I'm interested in
but instead now the first argument is the important thing. You can see, it's the this arg, it's the end
what you want this to refer to it inside of that function.
Now we can set this to this to make sure that this inside of the function refers to the same thing
this refers to here
but that's not what we would want because this here would not refer to movie,
you can always console log this to see what it refers to.
So we don't want to pass it this here but if you don't have to, we can pass in movie for example
and now we're saying when this function executes which it does here, then this inside of the function,
so here this keyword should not refer to what it normally would refer to, which is the thing that
is responsible for executing the function but instead in this example here, it should refer to this movie
object and therefore we now fix this. If we now save that and we reload here and again I enter Javascript
level 5 and I click add movie, it works as before and this is our console log where we log this inside
of the get formatted title function and you see here indeed, that is our movie.
So this refers to the right thing as we can also tell by the fact that we're not getting an error and
that we do have the right output down there.